This artifact is designed to function as a stock market securities information reporting service and utilizes a RESTful API web-based protocol to retrieve specified company data 
in conjunction with a MongoDB database of company stocks information.  

This artifact was selected to showcase my abilities and skills with database systems, specifically MongoDB which is a NoSQL document storage system. This artifact incorporates 
CRUD (create, read, update, and delete) operations that are designed to manipulate documents in the NoSQL database according to user-input.  It also demonstrates the ability to 
develop a web service application to implement a RESTful application programming interface for the MongoDB database. The improvements made to this artifact consist of incorporating
MongoDB statements that will update user-defined values for existing documents using the company’s business ID. The original code simply prompted the user to identify which 
company ticker abbreviation to use in order to update the “volume” value in the document.  Each company document has a large number of values associated with the company’s 
respective stock market information and prompting the user to identify several specific values to update adds much more functionality and purpose to the program.  The user inputs 
the business ID into the database and will then prompt the user to select which values to update in the document.  

Several revisions were made to this artifact’s enhancement plan over the previous weeks, all consisting of determining which specific document values to modify in the MongoDB 
system.  The implementation of prompting the user to identify which business value to update required advanced programming concepts that include the else-if statement in the 
‘update_one’ method which is designed to identify the requested value and update it in the MongoDB database.

The enhancement process of this artifact did not present many challenges, however there was some additional research required to refresh knowledge of proper language syntax while 
designing the else-if statement in the ‘updateDocument.py’ function.  A key learning through this process is understanding the importance of documentation and always taking 
advantage of the ability to research online documentation that greatly benefits software development projects. The practice of documenting software development is also used as a 
historical reference to the decisions made during its design, and to have a solid reference point other than a few developers who may lose this valuable information as time passes.   
